# Patients-Personal-Assistant
In today’s hectic and busy world, while addressing all the daily nuances, we are not able to take good care of our health properly and we sometimes tend to forget our medicines intake on time which may lead to more health issues. Occasionally we also forget to purchase medicines on time before they get over and these things lead to poor health management and are invitation to a dreadful disease in future. From a click to a touch, the world has gone way too far. Our everyday life is very well dependent on smartphones which governs our daily notion. Thus managing our daily life with smartphone becomes way lot easier and with which we can schedule our daily routine.Therefore, in order to have a smoothly managed medical life, our team has come up with the idea of Patient’s Personal Assistant App.It is an application which is developed to keep track of a patient’s health, search medicine for a particular disease, provide vault for keeping medical records, set reminders for medicines, search nearby pharmacies and search doctors for specific disease in your locality. The application has three types of user logins (patient, pharmacy and doctor).
The various facilities provided by the application to all the types of users are: 
Medical Records and the reports will be stored/removed from the database as per choice of user, and may also set up the reminder for current medicines, under three time slots i.e. for morning, afternoon and night and this will be stored in the database and a pop up message will be generated two days before the medicines would end, patient may also search the nearby doctors and pharmacies and can get their numbers and can contact them for medicines or appointments and can also search for the primary medicines for a particular disease.Users can also search the name of medicines by torn wrapper of the medicine.The various facilities provided by the application for the doctors include:
Doctors can upload their various details like name, clinic address, field of specialization and can check their appointment list for patient’s name and details of the patients who took appointments. The various facilities provided by the application for the pharmacist include: It provides pharmacy users to get registered on the app and check the maximum number of customers of their area with the help of customer contact details.
 
